MPD: Add Troubleshooting for NodeJS version (#565)
plone/training: docs/mastering-plone/installation.md

> 🎭 Volto started at <http://localhost:3000> 🚀

> **Troubleshooting** [^troubleshooting]

Reviewer: I first thought that this was a sub-heading, like `**Create your Volto project:**` above, and did not think to click the link. I assumed that the following content _was_ troubleshooting.

Suggest this markup.

````suggestion
```{seealso}
Something not right? See **Troubleshooting**.[^troubleshooting]
```
````

And, you will need to learn strategies for efficient backup and log file rotation.

All these topics are introduced in [Guide to deploying and installing Plone in production](https://docs.plone.org/manage/deploying/index.html).

[^troubleshooting]: **Troubleshooting**. 
      
      If you get

>       ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      ```console
```

      error: The engine "node" is incompatible with this module. Expected version "^10 || ^12 || ^14". Got "16.13.0"
      error: Found incompatible module.
      ```

>       then change to your {file}`package.json` and allow NodeJS 16 or the current LTS version of NodeJS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      then edit your {file}`package.json` such that it allows NodeJS 16 or the current LTS version of NodeJS.
```
